docs: voyage ai quickstart (#276)
timescale/pgai: docs/voyageai.md

    ```bash
    export VOYAGE_API_KEY="this-is-my-super-secret-api-key-dont-tell"
    ```

2. Connect to your database and set your api key as a [psql variable](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html#APP-PSQL-VARIABLES):

      ```bash
      psql -d "postgres://<username>:<password>@<host>:<port>/<database-name>" -v voyage_api_key=$VOYAGE_API_KEY
      ```
   Your API key is now available as a psql variable named `voyage_api_key` in your psql session.

   You can also log into the database, then set `voyage_api_key` using the `\getenv` [metacommand](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html#APP-PSQL-META-COMMAND-GETENV):

      ```sql
      \getenv voyage_api_key VOYAGE_API_KEY
      ```

3. Pass your API key to your parameterized query:
    ```sql
    SELECT *
    FROM ai.voyageai_embed('voyage-3-lite', 'sample text to embed', api_key=>$1)
    ORDER BY created DESC
    \bind :voyage_api_key
    \g
    ```

   Use [\bind](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-psql.html#APP-PSQL-META-COMMAND-BIND) to pass the value of `voyage_api_key` to the parameterized query.

   The `\bind` metacommand is available in psql version 16+.

> 4. Once you have used `\getenv` to load the environment variable to a psql variable

Reviewer: This does not follow. You talked about connecting and setting your key as a psql variable. Using getenv was an option you added in that step. So, this should be related to the getenv process.

   you can optionally set it as a session-level parameter which can then be used explicitly.
   ```sql
   SELECT set_config('ai.voyage_api_key', $1, false) IS NOT NULL
   \bind :voyage_api_key
   \g
   ```

   ```sql
   SELECT * FROM ai.voyageai_embed('voyage-3-lite', 'sample text to embed');
   ```

### Handle API keys using pgai from python

> 1. In your Python environment, include the dotenv and postgres driver packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Python environment, install the dotenv and psycopg2 packages:
```

    ```bash
    pip install python-dotenv
    pip install psycopg2-binary
    ```

> 1. Set your Voyage AI key in a .env file or as an environment variable:

Reviewer: Add a note saying this is dev env only.
